hello I'm Juliet Delilah and today we're
gonna make some amazing sushi but it's
not like your normal size sheets with
sweets and cereal genie yet yes what did
you angry see she--she I don't know
no more mr. ice guy so we've made our
sushi base with some puffed rice and
some marshmallow and some butter and we
know we have melted chocolate but that's
a bit what you're supposed to say but if
you don't want them making get it from
the shop you can do spy some shop from
the shops on you yeah so me oh yes I can
buy it so you can buy it in the shop if
you don't want to make it but it's
really easy to make so you can do what
you like really fun Oh shall I show you
how to do it and we can do it together
so I'm just gonna take it out of my tray
and turn it over we're gonna make some
little round ones and some kind of like
little bar one so this cutter is really
good because you can just cut out the
circles so we can just go like this and
just use it like a cookie cutter and
just give it a twist and then cut them
out like that
see look at that then you push it out
with your fingers 23 of each kind and
then we're also gonna do some of the
barb I'm sitting just gets a knife and
cut some little bars and then what we
need to do is just use our fingers and
just kind of shape them off at the end
because in when you go to sushi
restaurants and stuff you have the
little sort of pieces of rice like this
and then you've got the fish on the top
so we're just kind of shaping it now
kind of pinching into long-long sort of
diamond D shape a lot of the time
they're all wrapped in seaweed aren't
they so I'm not really a fan of seaweed
so I think we're gonna use these cola
belts and we're going to wrap them
around the circle so they look like
seaweed so I just go around the circle
like that and I know that I need about
that much I'm just gonna cut them down
flip
[Music]
to stick them together I've just got
some chocolate here that I've melted and
I'm gonna put a little bit of a dot of
chocolate there squash it on all the way
around and then I'm gonna put a little
bit more chocolate on that bit just like
that and then close it down like that so
just put it on the edge it's another one
so that's that so we need to let them
set for about half an hour because we
want the chocolates go hard so they
don't keep bursting open so we've my
tall here we go that this one's being
naughty oh they're all set so let's
cover these ones now shall we so we're
gonna use some of this sugar paste and
we've colored one to be like tuna and
one with a little bit of orange to be
like salmon which one do you want to do
and so we don't need too much because
we're only gonna do three each you
probably only need about this much so
we're gonna give it a squash aren't way
you make it go nice and warm and pliable
cuz we're gonna roll it out so that
feels quite good to me is yours good
yeah what do we always have when we were
rolling out sugar paste sugar get your
piece and then we're gonna have a little
bit of icing sugar on top of our piece
roll it out into kind of a thick shape
like so can you roll out yours in the
same way sticky we just need to sort of
lay on the top so I'm just going to kind
of cut rough sort of stroke and press it
on just like it's a real bit of fish
lying down over the rice and then to
make it look really realistic you know
how well you've got the fish you've got
the lines in it and I'm just gonna go
like that the back of the knife you can
put that on top of that one just use the
back of the knife and hold it carefully
at the back and mind your fingers just
that's it they look quite good already
don't know those tunas I've got some
white food coloring dust if you've seen
this before and so we're just gonna add
this sugar syrup to the dust to make it
paint
I've got a really small brush and if we
just make into a little bit of pain
you know we made the knife lines we can
just go if cross the lines and we just
with the salmon it just makes it look a
lot more realistic like a real bit of
salmon with the white going through you
want to do the other ones lovely so
they're ready so now we can go back to
our round one so if just left over here
to set now this is really fun so you get
lots of different types of sushi so
we're going to do some that have got
like a caviar on top and you know what
the caviar is the fish eggs I think I'd
rather eat the sweet time wouldn't you
do you like real sushi no okay then
we'll stick with Eve we've got these
which are gonna be gonna put inside our
sushi treats kind of like little bits of
cucumber and bits of fish so the way to
do this is we need to make some holes in
our cereal treats so I've got a
chopstick so if we just go make a little
hole in here just use a pair of scissors
again and we can cut some little pieces
off the green as well oh you made some
icing sugar okay so they're ready to go
so what we're going to do we're just
going to poke those in so we do two like
that and then you put a red one there by
the green and then another one there do
you put those in there and I'll make
another hole good don't they that looks
brilliant so they're they're the ones
are the cucumber rim I've got some mini
mini sweets you know they're really tiny
ones you can get the orange ones and
we're going to mix it with a little bit
of apricot jam so it looks like that
sticky shiny caviar if you can give that
a nice mix get a teaspoon like that and
then just pop them on just to make a
kind of pile on the top can you do the
other two
so we just need one more thing I think
just to finish off our sushi so we've
got some soy sauce but it's not your
normal soy sauce because this isn't fish
as it we've made some syrup with some
really dark brown sugar and a little bit
of water we fold it together so now
we've got something that looks exactly
like soy sauce but it's not gonna taste
like soy sauce it's gonna be nice and
sweet so I've got pastry brush I'm just
gonna brush it over like that
look at that say looks like real sauce
is how cause that that's it you want to
do the same on the salmon what do you
think Delilah no pardon no oh no you
weren't impressed it good aren't they
these would be really fun for a party
wouldn't they I think yeah look at that
[Music]
well done do you enjoy that I hope you
all enjoyed that thanks so much for
watching and for more videos check out
the BBC cat food YouTube channel and
we'll see you soon sweet ride
[Music]
yeah